Add testing guidelines (#5903)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] `ENHANCEMENT` (non-breaking change which improves existing functionality)
- [ ] `NONE` (if none of the other choices apply. Example, tooling, build system, CI, docs, etc.)

> ## Verification

Reviewer: If it merges before #6180, we'll need to carry over the update there.

Author: I thought the same, but here is a Pull Request template, not a issue template :P

Reviewer: :facepalm:

```release-note

```

> ## Verification

Reviewer: I'd move it before the ## Changelog entry section.

> ## Testing
> 
> - [ ] I've read [Prometheus-Operator testing guidelines](../TESTING.MD)

Reviewer: Suggestion: Thanos has a Verification section in their [pull request template](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/thanos-io/thanos/main/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md) which I find quite useful.

```suggestion
## Verification

<!-- How you tested it? How do you know it works? -->

Please check the [Prometheus-Operator testing guidelines](../TESTING.MD) for recommendations about automated tests.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the checkbox, I fear it's going to be noise for regular contributors and skipped by the others.
